where this east eagerness of euros arise to head a committee of the subject
must resign for straight hair at least in this part
the planet dwells a few years here us what is up to us Colombia
Fashion
according to having straight hair or having the option of having the concept 80 2010
It is obviously not a sin of a country like Brazil, Chile has all the strength
in him as far as they are concerned
to technologies
for javier straight hair according to rashid and costa rica are the countries that have
for generations it fell the world's worst
and then they have created many complaints to get what they want
that leave the hair and soul and already before two or with movement
It is spectacular
what will it be and the patterns of the opening of the internet of everything we have
now if we talk about motril operating expenses
and did not investigate if they do not smoke
we need to do this week
We come by the natural process of growth before any hair
more specifically these people who already have kings and amortized fund a
side certain as a fight in that sense
to keep he did that has a certain even so this life let's say we're
back they plan to do it but that is
what comes this program for the genes of a bet and the treatment that does not
is set
what's the matter with him
if the treatment is always well applied
has a good studio behind it has a good professional
always give a good result
if the treatment is made light berber way
and from behind there is a person
p light uu as the result will never be good
unquestionably we are going to have catastrophe
and we're going to have to chase after people if they knew what it means
hair
I would not risk it because to produce a single hair a single hair
it takes three years
salazar bread other people's hair takes three years
in producing a hair is still there when they look out of the piece
yesterday but scalp can grow five six seven eight years and start to fall
it goes people destroy it does not know
everything that is damaging from behind we are talking about years nothing more and
nothing less than no listeners we appear a little bit more
this controversy that we are living at least in Colombia true indeed
many women who arrive at this way makes you lower the beauty salons offer them
that paralyze him
of them the dyed hair
that phrase could not be known loves the botox for the tenor votes for the hair
we talked a little bit about this controversy, which is
what it is about and that produces a long
obviously the stylist wants to fulfill the expectation the tape
if he does not get it, the lady goes to the other side and he says people feel that
is not true or you do not have
we will create the money is an opportunity but it is what you always want
wait for mutual satisfaction
what happens with the Botox 75 percent of the formalin studies content
to the being formed what it does is that it poisons the hair
I doubt I give a metaphor and it is imagine that I at that moment
placed a cross a bag on the head felt melara macarro with ribbons and a
endless collection
i that bag the first thing he does is that he inflates
for the oxygen by the carbon dioxide that I bring when breathing then starts
to sweat
and when you sweat people as you are going to be tied awake vettel are
will be tying wind
the whole head and actually I'm dying the same thing happens to horse
with the vote
the appearance remains is that this brilliant series then its spectacular
but in reality he is being poisoned progressive increase that's why the
First consequence is to be quiet
automatically cover
this bassine the horse comes off that and the machine is injured
and it opens up to behave like a
let's say it as well as a hair abortion quickly
i loose
does not come off very quickly to be saved as your treatment prompted in
that
in that place where they promise you that the botox they are going to put
legal we have not made the room pass wonders as it is entertaining that you
they make euphoria
it is an attack much
c
It is a very hard attack on the client the many bush with a special product
if a pre and dating is generated
Exactly exaggerates
then we started to dry applied a spray ch liquid
and the time before brushing
at a high temperature and then brushing it with an iron
that has a temperature higher than 220 degrees if it no longer works and pf is
completely x efecom the lithium that has formaldehyde is that of the shampoo as the
that is valued all match two hormones
then when you get seven re-elections to the hair and the stylist generates
chronic conjunctivitis clemente the smoke goes out to the wolf ankara mva in 3d black
with triple mca drying
growing yes obviously generates lung problems